## Abstract

For this project, we use the STM32F4xx-discovery board to display the vehicle filter control system. Most car wires are controlled by a DC motor, however because the STM32F4xx-discovery does not have an engine, we test using LEDs in this application. For example, wiper control system. The STM32F4xx-discovery board has four LEDs and a Push Button. The colors of these LEDs are orange, green, red and blue. Current limit resistance connects four user LEDs to PD12, PD13, PD14, and PD15 PORTD pins on the Recovery board. To activate the push button with the STM32F407VG controller, GPIO PINs will be set as digital input pins. When you press and hold the user button for two seconds, Red When the ignition key is set to ACC, the LED turns on. In addition, the LEDs flash, indicating that the wipers are on.

The operation of the windshield wiper is a manual operation that requires opening to remove rain and debris from the screen. This not only requires the driver's attention, but also, causes a certain degree of discomfort to the driver and serves as a source of distraction that increases the risk of accidents. To comfort the driver and reduce the risk of accidents, an automatic rain sensor is now a must. Although such a device is available on the market, its high cost and other similar limitations have made it relatively popular in the automotive industry. The aim of this project was to promote another cost-effective model in the market while maintaining efficiency. Rain sensor, microcontroller and integrated driver circuit (IC) are the major components used in the construction and operation of the proposed device. Falling water is quickly and accurately detected by a rain sensor and transmits the signal to the second component i.e..microcontroller which gives the driver IC the ability to change the required movement of the wires when using a servo motor. This device converts hard manual labor into smooth automatic.
